{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid4\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12280\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 1. What is JavaScript? It is a very nice dynamic object oriented programming language. \
It is a cross platform scripting language, which is concerned about making something to do, controls over its host environment, to perform simple and complex calculations and to build dynamic websites and applications.The advantages of JavaScript is the speed, being that the code is executed on the users client side instead of the web server. Its simplicity to learn and implement. JavaScript can be inserted into any web page unlike other languages . Another advantage of JS is you allow your users to heavily customize your application without forcing them to learn and use software development tools such as compilers. \
\uc0\u8232 2. How is ECMAScript and JavaScript related? It is the latest version of JavaScript. To start from the beginning, JavaScript came before everything that you can do in Javascript you can implement that in ECMAScript, however not the other way around. The relationship between these two language, is that its just one language, with different implementations.  \
\
3. What do these logical expressions evaluate to ?\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl3\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}true\'a0 && true\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0:True\
{\listtext	\'95	}true\'a0 || false\'a0\'a0\'a0true\
{\listtext	\'95	}false && true\'a0\'a0\'a0false\
{\listtext	\'95	}false || !(false) True\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 5.\'a0What are the six basic types of values in JavaScript? Provide a short explanation of three of these types?\
	1.Boolean- a value that distinguishes between two possibilities, which has two values: true and false. 
\f1\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  ex.\
if (i < middle) \{\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3     b = true;\
  \} else \{\
    b = false;\
  \}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
	2. Number- a numerical value. An example of this is var foo = 30;\
	3. Strings- used to represent a text wrapped in quotes var foo = \'93Hello World\'94;\
	4. undefined values  - When a variable that has not been assigned a value has the value undefined \
var x;\
if (x === undefined \{\
	text = \'93x is undefined\'94;\
\} 	else \{\
	txt = \'93 x is defined\'94;\
\}\
	5.Null a literal representing an \'93empty\'94 value var foo = null; foo\
\'93null\'94\
	6. Symbol- A unique and immutable primitive value.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}